Welcome everybody to this tutorial
This is an addition to the wireless part of the course.
Anyway, I have noticed in the discussions
that a lot of people were struggling
Windows users were struggling with their virtualize environments
and they were unable to access their wireless card.
I have mentioned this in my original course
that you won't be able to access your physical hardware
your integrated wireless network card from your VirtualBox
You will need to either create a bootable Linux CD in order to access it
or by a USB wireless device.
Now to create a bootable CD
it's fairly simple.
Just basically burn a CD with an ISO image and boot from it
but getting the USB wireless adapter
setting it up with VirtualBox can be a little tricky
and I have noticed that a lot of people out there have had problems with that.
They were unable to do it.
That is why I have made this tutorial in as an addition to the course.
Free addition to the course
in order to help you guys out
or ladies, if there are any.
I haven't noticed in the discussions, but my apologies if I have missed.
Anyway today, you just need go and open up your browser
This is the USB wireless device that I have purchased
It's 2000 megawatts USB alpha wireless adapter.
This is what you should type into your search engine
So, alpha USB 2000 megawatt network adapter
Fairly simple as that. No problems there.
You'll be prompted with a ton load of results.
You can purchase it from pretty much anywhere.
I personally got it from ebay
because it had some favorable shipping options.
Again, you can get it from anywhere.
the prices are pretty much the same.
Have a look at different sites.
See if you can get it a bit cheaper, or something of a kind.
It's about $28 pretty much where you look
but feel free to have a look around.
Anyway, depending on which version of VirtualBox have you installed
you can actually download the extension pack here.
So there's like 1 2 3
but chances are that if you have installed VirtualBox on Windows
that you already have an extension pack.
Linux users have to additionally install the extension pack
because it's not open source
but, I mean
You, as a Windows user, most likely have it installed already.
If not, just go ahead and click here.
You'll be prompted with this one download
and it says "open with"
Press "OK"
By the time the download is done
Just go ahead and click on it.
Basically just follow through the wizard.
Keep clicking the "Next" button quite literally.
This is not my machine, by the way
I went by my friend's machine, who was running Windows  7
so I could actually do this tutorial on a
physical Windows machine
but as I said, I'm not going to install it now
because I already have it installed.
I have installed it through the installation of VirtualBox
and as I said, if you have installed
VirtualBox on Windows
on any Windows
you most most likely have the extension pack installed along with it.
If you don't, just click here and keep clicking on "Next"
That's all that you need to do quite literally.
There is nothing special or amazing
or anything of a kind.
The next button is your friend there.
Anyway, let's just go ahead and minimize this
Go ahead and unpack your USB wireless adapter.
Take out the CD that came with it
insert it into your machine and open it
up.
So let's just go ahead and do that.
This is the CD that I have inserted into my CD-ROM.
Let's just go ahead and open it.
Excellent
So now you get prompted here for a bunch of questions.
You can make a mistake here
but oh well, no big deal.
First of all, if you have bought the same devices I have
You will click on "Indoor USB wireless"
You will select "Adapter series"
You will select the middle one
You can read this from the bottom of your wireless USB adapter.
Click here
and the version as well, so same place.
Just take your wireless USB adapter
look at the bottom at the label
and there you will be able to find all this information.
Anyway, this is the version that I am using
so I'm just gonna go ahead and click on it.
If you're using the same as me, just go ahead and click on it.
If not -- if you bought a slightly different version
just read from the bottom, that's it
that's it
and this one, the CD actually comes
packaged with Mac drivers
Windows drivers and Linux drivers, which is fantastic.
So all you Mac users, you can pretty much just insert a CD
and get the proper drivers for this wireless card.
For this wireless USB adapter
Linux users if you have bought this for an extended range
or something of a kind
no need for you to actually install anything
as it already comes prepackaged with the drivers
as does the Linux terminal already has the necessary
to facilitate proper functioning of this device.
Anyway, I'm gonna go ahead and click on Windows drivers.
Now it offers Windows XP, 7, and 8.
There's no Vista, but for Vista if you are using it by any chance
try the XP or Windows 7.
One of those two is bound to work.
I'm on Windows 7, so I'm just gonna go ahead and select Windows 7.
If you're on Windows 8, just select Windows 8.
Nothing too complex there.
Okay, so the installation process is starting.
Basically again, just click
The "Next" button is your best friend.
There's nothing fundamentally different or new that you need to do.
Just keep on clicking "Next" and installation process will finish.
Amazing. I know right?
Nothing too complicated there.
Just sit back, relax and let it finish its own thing
and you should be fine.
Now upon installation, we will be required to reboot our computer
in order for changes to take effect.
So I'm gonna pause the tutorial there.
Anyway, it says Windows can't verify the publisher of the software.
Oh well
That's one of the things you have to live with.
It's a CD that I've gotten from them
so I'm guessing there's nothing unsafe on it.
Just go ahead and say "Install this driver software anyway"
This is definitely not something that you should do
If you have downloaded from the internet
or something of a kind
but I have gotten the CD from the company
from the order, so it should be fine.
Anyway, the installation process is ongoing
I don't know, prompting you
if you can hear this clicking sound from time to time
that's basically Windows figuring out what the device is
as the drivers are being installed.
Anyway, I truly hope that this does help you out a great deal
and hope you all follow through the
wireless part to the course
without any problems
without making a bootable CD or any such changes
for all the Windows users out there.
If you're a Mac user, you can also do pretty much the same as well.
If you need help figuring how to do it on Mac
please let me know in the discussion section.
Here I'm just gonna say that I do want to restart my computer now
So I'm going to pause the tutorial here
and I will continue when I return.
In any case, I bid you all farewell.